readme.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://laravel.com/assets/img/components/logo-laravel.svg"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/d/total.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, yet powerful, providing tools needed for large, robust applications. A superb combination of simplicity, elegance, and innovation give you tools you need to build any application with which you are tasked.

## Learning Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough documentation and video tutorial library of any modern web application framework. The [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) is thorough, complete, and makes it a breeze to get started learning the framework.

If you're not in the mood to read, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) contains over 900 video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, JavaScript, and more. Boost the skill level of yourself and your entire team by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](http://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Updated readme.md with installation instructions and usage of the app

readme.md, after:

# tw-htcount

Displays 10 (default) tweets from a Twitter account and displays a summary of all the different hashtags in them with the number of repetitions of each one.


## Installation

1. Using the provided composer.json, install dependencies `$ composer install`
2. Create configuration file for OAuth package [https://github.com/oriceon/oauth-5-laravel](https://github.com/oriceon/oauth-5-laravel)
```
$ php artisan vendor:publish
```
3. Add your twitter app credentials (Or create a new app [Twitter App Management](https://apps.twitter.com/)) to `config/oauth-5-laravel.php` 



## Usage

1. Access `/public` directory the application root. i.e.
```http://localhost/tw-htcount/public```

2. The first time you use the application it will automatically redirect to twitter for you to approve and authenticate.

3. Twitter will redirect back to tw-htcount and will show an input.

3. Type in a Twitter username on the input field and press Enter (Probably try with an account that "over-uses" hashtags)
  
There is an additional option to get directly request information by passing parameters in the url. These parameters are: {screen_name}, {num_tweets} (optional) and {response_type} (optional) and could be inclued as:
```http://app_base_url/public/screen_name/num_tweets```

For example, the following url will display the last 40 tweets from the Twitter account '@nixcraft':
```http://app_base_url/public/nixcraft/40```

For example, the following uri will display the last 20 tweets from the Twitter account '@thenextweb' in json format:
```http://app_base_url/public/TheNextWeb/20/json```

## Assumptions
- The user account to fetch has to be public. No data will be shown in case is a protected account.
- Defining the number of tweets to fetch from a url parameter could be limited by Twitter API.
